theme = nord
font-family = Cascadia Code
font-size = 14
font-thicken = false
background-opacity = 0.8
background-blur-radius = 50

cursor-style = underline
cursor-color = #89bfd0
shell-integration-features = no-cursor

macos-titlebar-style = 
gtk-titlebar = true
macos-window-shadow = true
window-colorspace = "display-p3"
macos-icon = custom-style
macos-icon-frame = chrome
macos-icon-ghost-color = 000000
macos-icon-screen-color = ff0000

window-save-state = always
window-inherit-working-directory = true
window-height = 40
window-width = 150
window-decoration = 
window-titlebar-background = black
window-subtitle = working-directory
window-padding-x = 5
window-padding-y = 0
window-padding-balance = true
window-vsync = true

mouse-scroll-multiplier = 0.5
mouse-hide-while-typing = true

clipboard-read = allow
clipboard-write = allow
clipboard-trim-trailing-spaces = true

link-url = true

auto-update = download
